in the last training before facing the Minas Gerais
felipão commanded a relaxed club in the soccer academy
the kleber attacker did not participate in the activity
with pain in the left thigh did only a muscle strengthening
and it's out of tomorrow's game
at this moment squid and we could -
the risks that the game with the
until 15 hours but still exists in the event
and there is still a risk of putting up for sale
if you come to be missing any longer
better the manager I've been working from the medical department I've been working for
normally
And then why is this fair still?
christopher dodd waterfront
he continues crying said also that he may be in conditions on Sunday
by the time of stay in the palm trees he does not have
the idea of ​​getting out of the palm trees
four men who went through some details that the church does not today the girl
there was medical condition and no condition
miliband also financial is also not with me yet about the possible
negotiation
with the felipão believes that part of the press the agents only to
tumultuar the palm trees when
some competitor has the time to give a total salary
there is something
only sometimes
this offer was not
It's not the real one, and we got it.
start of travel
then strap is a question of ipi times
Look, let's make leftovers
Thank you to change the team.
Why do you really want to?
the club that really wants to buy the player
He will not offer you
everything has been said that is offered with the Flemish for free gift
Who paid since 2001, God save the people
do not think about anything
this intention is one of those that had plaque
to come alone so as not to disturb our environment
I think it is not enough that with the 15 million of the previous bay there were
something
but errors enabled her to make the mess
the goalkeeper milestones will be spared in the midweek round
and returns for Sunday's game against Saints however to them
the cicinho by sexologists church one of the games with interval of one week is well
plans to come along with the gal pracidelli the medical department but
the time has come
and we pass on this is the time we have to go
v play far from the ideal I will not lie
can not play
I do not play in the next game everything else then this week with your name
preserve what I am today
Sunday possibly at one with the other indigenous
I have several moments